hello guys psychotic CA welcome to the
top 5 1 click season 1 week 2 i'm new to
this so please enjoy enjoy my commentary
and yes i am eating a sandwich at the
same time so it's not going to be that
great alright so in the number five spot
we have got I maxius 12 he respawns
looks left BAM headshot that is one nice
one click headshot looks left replay BAM
that's amazing for the number 5 spot so
in the number four spot we have snowy
6611 pulls out the sniper pulls that
down a kind of like from 100 meters away
beautiful one click replay BAM now
that's amazing well deserved for the
number-4 spot in the number 3 spot we
have course donut dash Q R okay this one
enemy left pulls up the pipe then pulls
out the champion looks right looks left
one click quick scope to finish off the
round that's amazing so in the number
two spot we have the 1 clip beast
intermediates 1v1 situation jumps on the
box he noses their monthly jumps and one
click with the Anaconda black that is
amazing great way to finish off the
railing in the number one spot the Jew
the Asian the one and only or an affair
he's going to contact other than good
oh yes sir your balls has not been
dropped there but it's okay because
you're in a number one spot I hope you
enjoyed this first commentary by me as
much as I enjoyed the sandwich thank you
for watching tune in next week good boy
Oh